Phoenix: sup
Phoenix is now Away.
TransformedBG: nada just watching movies
Phoenix is now Online.
Phoenix: cool
TransformedBG: you?
Phoenix: being with family
Phoenix: being sad
Phoenix: the lot
TransformedBG: Okay why did you/crystal delete one another then add yourselfs back?
Phoenix: thats a long story reserved for another time
Phoenix: and best told when i dont have company or i know youre alone
Phoenix: sean knows already....but i swore him to secrecy
Phoenix: sean knows the whole thing
TransformedBG: i see
Phoenix: i know you like her
Phoenix: i know you want to be more than just friends with her
TransformedBG: ehh as much as i would like to be.. not gunna go there.. i decided that its just not worth it...
Phoenix: haha
Phoenix: youre smarter than me, sir
Phoenix: because i absolutely....love her
Phoenix: fuck it...as long as you dont tell her and swear to secrecy ill tell you
TransformedBG: i wont
Phoenix: but it can no way ever ever ever ever ever get back to her
Phoenix: you have to promise
Phoenix: believe me, i keep tabs m8
TransformedBG: its not going to i swear
Phoenix: do you know what happened between me and her two saturdays ago?
Phoenix: at emily's party?
Phoenix: i may have mentioned it
TransformedBG: the  trampoline thing
Phoenix: yes
Phoenix: ok
Phoenix: well
Phoenix: during the week things were awkward but cleared up on friday
Phoenix: saturday at work we started talking
Phoenix: i had told her previously that my parents were gonna be out of town
TransformedBG: yea>>
Phoenix: so saturday during work i asked her if she wanted to come over
Phoenix: she said she had plans but maybe afterwards
Phoenix: her curfiew is 1, you know
Phoenix: i get off work at 930 and she is done with her stuff
Phoenix: she comes over
Phoenix: it starts light...were in teh living room ont he couch watching TV and talking
Phoenix: pretty awesome at that point
TransformedBG: yes...
Phoenix: then i go into my room to do my after work thing (check forums, check email, check youtube)
Phoenix: she lays on my bed playing with my phone (not alot of chairs in my room, you know)
Phoenix: after i get done, i just turn around in my chair and we talk
Phoenix: she then asks me to join her in the bed
Phoenix: *on
Phoenix: on it at this point
Phoenix: we "Spoon?" snuggle
Phoenix: and we talk
TransformedBG: giggidy
Phoenix: and its all good at that point
Phoenix: THEN things start going a bit....more awkward for me
Phoenix: she turns around
Phoenix: my hand accidentally hits her boob
Phoenix: of course i apologize
Phoenix: she says its ok and we talk some more
Phoenix: then she says
Phoenix: "this is gonna sound crazy...i know"
Phoenix: "but if you want you can touch my boobs..i dont mind"
Phoenix: my thoughts : BONUS
Phoenix: so
Phoenix: long story short...
Phoenix: we make out
Phoenix: and i get to 2nd base with her
Phoenix: i got to play with boobs for the first time
Phoenix: naked boobs
Phoenix: = win
TransformedBG: giggdy
Phoenix: thats when things satrted their downhill turn
Phoenix: and i realized then, with her i cant separate the physical and my love for her
Phoenix: she has to go home
Phoenix: fast forward to tuesday
Phoenix: (yes, same tuesday as when we came over, more on that)
Phoenix: tuesday night im off work and she gets home after work
Phoenix: her mom borrows her car to go to school and crystal is hungry
Phoenix: SO, i pick her up
Phoenix: we go to cheddars and eat
Phoenix: and ahve a wonderful time
Phoenix: i non-chalantly stroke her back during dinner....not noticeable to anyone else
Phoenix: when we get to the car
Phoenix: we start to kiss
Phoenix: alot
Phoenix: i grab a handfull of shirted boob just for the road
Phoenix: and then we leave
Phoenix: when we get to your apt complex
Phoenix: we kiss a few more times before we come upstairs
Phoenix: we even kiss on the stairs
Phoenix: i mean...FULL ON
Phoenix: goddamnit....i love her
Phoenix: anyways
Phoenix: we hang out at your house
Phoenix: (i dont like ren and stimpy by the way)
Phoenix: she actually has to go home
Phoenix: on the way out the door we walk down the stairs
Phoenix: about as soon as the door is closed i kiss her agian all the way to the car
Phoenix: when we get tehre, we make out again
Phoenix: when we drive home she is holding my hand
Phoenix: she mentions its cold
Phoenix: so...she puts it on her "duhbldeez
Phoenix: hand warmer
Phoenix: but my hand is cold
Phoenix: SO the entire drive home
Phoenix: my hand is between her thighs about halfway up
Phoenix: when i go into work thursday
Phoenix: wait
Phoenix: tuesday when she went home..that was the end of they physical part
Phoenix: from then on...long story short..
Phoenix: thursday after she leaves work...im holding back tears from about 730- i leave
Phoenix: later thurs night
Phoenix: i tell her my true feelings
Phoenix: let her know i cant go on without telling her
Phoenix: I LOVE HER
Phoenix: im not afraid to admit it
Phoenix: period
Phoenix: BUT
Phoenix: sadly she still loves francis
Phoenix: and she has to work through that
Phoenix: and she knows it
Phoenix: BUT DAMNIT
Phoenix: i want to help her forget him
Phoenix: i LOVE HER
Phoenix: GODDAMNIT I LOVE HER
Phoenix: i called her between the time she left work and on teh way to work
Phoenix: because we needed to talk
Phoenix: i told her my feelings
Phoenix: i told her what i loved
Phoenix: i cried and told her that id wait till she was ready, but that i want to be first in line when she is...cause i want to make things right for her
Phoenix: i know she doesnt love anyone right now
Phoenix: but i love her
Phoenix: and for some time now, that wont and cant change
Phoenix: last night was needed
Phoenix: and i thank yall
Phoenix: ive never been so close to a person
Phoenix: EVER
TransformedBG: Thats cool bro.. seriously.. ... IM a little jelly but its all good.. I cant tell you that it will all work out in the end or anything, but i do wish you the best if it does.
Phoenix: thanks m8
Phoenix: i have cried over her more than i cried over everything
TransformedBG: I will say that no matter what you do a part of crystal will ALWAYS love Douchbag no mater what you do
Phoenix: i just want her to know im serious
Phoenix: I KNOW
Phoenix: and honestly
Phoenix: unless she committs herself to someone else, she always will..constantly
Phoenix: i spent most of yesterday morning and afternoon in tears
Phoenix: mom is telling me "just part ways for now, cause you might lose her totally"
Phoenix: i still want her as a close friend
TransformedBG: I would make a suggestiong about it all but i dont know how well it would turn out
Phoenix: we seriously can talk for 6 hours on end...no dead awkard pauses in conversation
Phoenix: which is?
Phoenix: im open to anything
Phoenix: i love her
Phoenix: i miss spending time with her
Phoenix: i had an idea.....but she wont be up for it
Phoenix: but ill hear yours first
Phoenix: i told her i would give up everything i had to be with her....my guns, my computer, even some friends....just to be with her
Phoenix: and i mean it
TransformedBG: Looking at crystal and her state... she is vunerable.. she is confused and doesnt really know what to think..  She is longing for something tshe used to have.. aka francis and the way he treated her.. (kind of like when a woman is being beat by her husband and cant escape because she still love him and thinks he does it cause he loves her) .. i think if i were in your position.. as much as ide like the handfull of boob.. i might restrain myself a little more
Phoenix: oh believe me
Phoenix: im "cut off"
Phoenix: BUT my idea was this
Phoenix: if she wants francis so bad
Phoenix: but he doesnt want her
Phoenix: make him want her....by making her not accessible to him
Phoenix: if i told you...hey glen, there is this stockpile of gold...but you cant have it
Phoenix: YOU WANT THAT GOLD
Phoenix: arrogant bastard ale "you are not worthy"
Phoenix: works for them
TransformedBG: kyle you want her to love you?"
Phoenix: i do
Phoenix: but i know that wont happen for awhile
Phoenix: i want to be bf/gf for long term
Phoenix: i want that
Phoenix: she is perfect dude
Phoenix: absolutely perfect
TransformedBG: then treat her like a woman and not an object... do stoopid things that she will notice, and if in the end it doesnt work then shes not worth it
Phoenix: i do treat her like a woman
Phoenix: ive treated her like a woman since ive known her
Phoenix: she was the one that made the first moves physically
Phoenix: i was content with talking and hanging out
Phoenix: and maybe a kiss
Phoenix: THATS IT
Phoenix: i know her little things....her "imperfections" taht she probably thinks she has
Phoenix: and i dont care
Phoenix: i find them cute
Phoenix: dude...ive never felt this way before
Phoenix: about any woman
Phoenix: or anyone
Phoenix: i DO want to spend the rest of my life with her
TransformedBG: I wont lie ive been in that situation before.. i went for it and it blew up in my face.. since then i havent done a thing.. i dont just reach out for any boob i can grab even though yall think i sleep with every girl i go out with... but i decided im just going to be me, and not reach for the boob.
TransformedBG: The physical shit just messes everything up
Phoenix: "but maybe she isnt the one for you kyle....." bullshit
Phoenix: i think she is
Phoenix: and i know me better than anyone
Phoenix: thing is
Phoenix: i told her i would give that up
Phoenix: in a heartbeat
Phoenix: to start over
Phoenix: but as BF/GF
Phoenix: and i said i would wait
Phoenix: its been all ive had to not message francis on steam here
Phoenix: and ask him to be honest with her
Phoenix: i told her
Phoenix: as much bad as i talk about francis (calling him affectionately "THAT MOTHERFUCKER FRANCIS"
Phoenix: he did do some nice things for her
Phoenix: and they were happy
Phoenix: but
Phoenix: you dont have to love someone to remember the happy things
Phoenix: i made that clear
Phoenix: in fact i repeated it twice on the phone
Phoenix: i could talk to her every single day
Phoenix: and never be bored
Phoenix: she is the only thing right now that makes me truly happy
Phoenix: ive not been happy since my Gmaw died in 2006
Phoenix: that sent me over the edge at TAMU
Phoenix: and ive sturggled since
Phoenix: when im with her
Phoenix: JUST IN PROXIMITY or talking to her about anything
Phoenix: im happy
Phoenix: REALLY happy
Phoenix: sure i put a facade on everywhere that im happy
Phoenix: but honestly, im in a deep deep depression
TransformedBG: Well then be happy but dont set yourself up for devistaion is all im saying
Phoenix: fuck it
Phoenix: at this point, cant get any worse
TransformedBG: then prove it to her.... thats all i can say
Phoenix: prove my love for her? she wont let me
Phoenix: I CRIED TO HER ON THE PHONE JUST ASKING FOR A CHANCE!!!!
Phoenix: while telling her i love her
Phoenix: ive made that clear the past 36 hours
TransformedBG: let me pretend im her for a second
TransformedBG: here i am having fun a good time, being friends with a great guy.. i barely really know him.. and he tells me he loves me... how do i take that?
Phoenix: no
Phoenix: she knows me
Phoenix: weve gotten to know each other alot int eh past month and a half dude
TransformedBG: so have i, but im not going to say i love her if im not DATING her
Phoenix: but thats what she wants
Phoenix: ...
Phoenix: damn
Phoenix: youre right
Phoenix: i think
TransformedBG: thats what im trying to say... im not trying to say you cant love her.. but to just throw that word out can be a real turn off
TransformedBG: kyle your a great guy dont get me wrong
TransformedBG: i belive there is someone for everyone.. but if theres one thing ihave learned about women is they are confusing as all hell and they dont even know what they really want... Thats why i always become friends with them. eventually im goig to find mine but im going to make sure that im absolutly in love and shes in love with me and im not just lusting over her before i tell her..
TransformedBG: yall would be a fun cuple i know that
Phoenix: I KNOW
Phoenix: goddamnit were "perfect" for each other
Phoenix: she and i make an excellent team
Phoenix: she is one of the only girls i can truly be myself around
Phoenix: and not worry "OMG WHAT IS SHE GONNA THINK"
Phoenix: i LOVE her eyes
Phoenix: i do get lost in them
TransformedBG: i know i know trust me i knwo.. like i sad i love man, im here if you need me.. but i know her too.. i just dont want you to get hurt
Phoenix: im already hurt
Phoenix: im already very hurt
Phoenix: but i can get better
Phoenix: i konw
TransformedBG: well hurt worse
Phoenix: yeah
Phoenix: i have a problem of overanalyzing everything she says
Phoenix: she told me she is going to hang out with a friend today
Phoenix: my brain reads that...then thinks
Phoenix: "OMG GUY FRIEND GANBANG VERSION 2.0 HE IS GOING TO RAPE AND KILL HER AND TAKE MY LOVE FROM ME"
Phoenix: I NEED STRESS RELIEVER
Phoenix: FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Phoenix: but
Phoenix: she is probably just going to hang out with emily
Phoenix: but.....i cant help but think it some dude
Phoenix: and...for some reason that makes me mad/angry/sad/worred
Phoenix: it makes me every emotion
Phoenix: isnt that love?
Phoenix: or just plain jealousy?
TransformedBG: kyle she told me this once.. and i took it for what it was worth... I tell you somethings i dont tell kyle, i tell kyle something i dont tell you, and i tell my other friends some thing i dont tell eaither of you...  So when she hangs out with a friend, i belive its for a reason that she cant talk to eaither of us about because its something we wouldnt look the same at..  I can tell you a hundred times not to worrie about it, but i know you would anyways
Phoenix: yep
Phoenix: because im paranoid
Phoenix: lol
Phoenix: did she tell you you were her #2 guy in her life?
Phoenix: thats one thing im also worried about
Phoenix: she is playing all of us
Phoenix: and if that happens, immediate anger
Phoenix: WRATH OF GOD ANGER
Phoenix: but i dont think she is
Phoenix: is it wrong that my AR15..is like my safety blanket
Phoenix: or stress ball?
Phoenix: i feel better if im holding it
TransformedBG: Kyle like i said im not trying anything with her.. she told me she wanted to be my friend and thats how im going about it.. if something happend and she and i started dating i would feel like shit cause i know you feel that way.. but then at the same i would hope you could look past yourself and look at her happiness. just like i would if she dated you
Phoenix: i would be jealous
Phoenix: no doubt
Phoenix: but i would know she is happy
Phoenix: thats what im also worried about
Phoenix: and i know its selfish
Phoenix: ...
Phoenix: if she does decide to be with someone else..be it francis, you or anyone
Phoenix: how am i going to handle that?
TransformedBG: how you handle it is up to you.. but i cant tell you life is easy.. cause it sucks.. how do you think i felt when my girl friend the woman i first truely loved slept with another man when i was in iraq?
Phoenix: like shit
Phoenix: i think ive been handling this all wrong
Phoenix: ive kept it a secret...
Phoenix: because i thought it was something i could handle
Phoenix: the problem is
Phoenix: who can i tell?
Phoenix: everything i say gets out in the open
Phoenix: especially at work
TransformedBG: Its hard kyle it really is
Phoenix: one thing i can say
Phoenix: and this doesnt get back to him
Phoenix: two saturdays ago
Phoenix: patrick and i both talked about how we liked crystal
Phoenix: his approach was be an asshole to her
Phoenix: i told him i couldnt do that and id be a nice guy
Phoenix: his exact words "let me know how that works out for you"
Phoenix: little did he know exactly a week later, id be kissing her boobs....
Phoenix: i find that comical
Phoenix: WORKED OUT PRETTY DAMN WELL
Phoenix: but thats not why i do waht i do
Phoenix: i just find it funny, thats all
TransformedBG: Dont be an asshole.. A woman who likes you.. is going to like you for who you are... not something your not,, so if you start out by being an ass shes going to expect that
Phoenix: yep
Phoenix: thats why i told him i wouldnt
Phoenix: ok
Phoenix: so mom's idea is to ignore her
Phoenix: *no
Phoenix: no
Phoenix: not ignore...but let time take its course
Phoenix: i need to focus on other things, ive let her basically run my life for a month and a half now
Phoenix: thats why last night was very welcome
Phoenix: and i was happy
TransformedBG: yeah let things run their course.. dont look for love let love find you
Phoenix: thanks glen
Phoenix: thank you very much
Phoenix: ok...so...final thoughts on the subject
TransformedBG: I told you im not here to cock block you, im here to be your friend
Phoenix: thanks m8
Phoenix: thats why i was worried about yall talking tuesday night
Phoenix: i wasnt sure what was going on.....
Phoenix: ive told her alot
Phoenix: i didnt want her...or you...to spill beans out in teh open
Phoenix: but
Phoenix: final thoughts...
Phoenix: yes, i love her
Phoenix: yes if she texted me right now and said "im ready, but only if you paint your face blue and cut your hair off", i would
Phoenix: but
Phoenix: i think for awhile im going to try not to think about her
Phoenix: except only as a friend
Phoenix: nothing more, nothing less
Phoenix: say what you want..tehn im changing the subject
TransformedBG: That about the best thing you can do.. and i would talk to her face to face and tell her that
Phoenix: i want to
Phoenix: i really do
Phoenix: but its hard to do it at work
Phoenix: thats why i wanted to call her yesterday...i HATE dealing with this through texting
TransformedBG: just say you would like to see her and talk to her face to face in a public place
Phoenix: ok i will
TransformedBG: Thats all i got.. like i said im your friend im here for you
Phoenix: thanks m8
Phoenix: i now know i can talk to you and sean about this
Phoenix: SO
Phoenix: change of subject
Phoenix: *******************************************************************************
TransformedBG: lol np
Phoenix: **************************************************
Phoenix: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t80i26icjqM
Phoenix: WANT
Phoenix: robert says he has one BNIB in his safe
Phoenix: waiting on me to put money down
Phoenix: :)
Phoenix: BUT HOW TOUGH IS IT?!?!?!
TransformedBG: Us that a caop gun?
Phoenix: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahqgJDyzm6Y&feature=related
Phoenix: id say its pretty freakin tough
Phoenix: 11.5" FA 223
TransformedBG: god im hungry
Phoenix: me too
Phoenix: but im with family all day
TransformedBG: lol
Phoenix: fuck dude i gotta go
Phoenix: thanks m8
Phoenix: cya
TransformedBG: l;ater man
